**Title** - Signature Placement Tool
**Repository** - https://github.com/peachikeen/signature-placement-tool.git
**Description** - An image editing tool within which an artist can supply one image (a signature) to be placed on top of another image (their artwork) in order to create a combined image. The tool has adjustable placement for the signature, can apply to multiple images at once, and can accept specified ranges for signature placement based on canvas shape (square, portrait, landscape).
**Features** - Accepts two images, one to be laid atop the other. The user then specifies where they want the signature to be placed. The combined image is then shown to the user, and the user determines if this is the proper placement. If so, the combined image is now saved to file WITHOUT deleting the original images and/or any folder for a large set of images. Utilizing a GUI, the user could browse their folders for the images to utilize for the operation, interactively adjust the placement of their signature on a representation of the image with real time feedback to customize placement. The program can take as input a single image file or a folder of image files, if given a folder, after completing the operation on one image in the folder it will then present the user with a similar operation on the next image within the folder.
**Challenges** - The biggest immediate challenge would be the creation of the Graphic User Interface for the program, which is something I would need to research extensively in order to properly implement for the sake of the user experience. This encompasses multiple different challenges, such as presenting real-time feedback on the signature placement for the user's convenience, or provide the user with a way to browse their computer for the files or folders necessary for the program to function.
**Outcomes** - 
	**Ideal Outcome** - The ideal outcome would be the full implementation of the process within the GUI itself, showing feedback for the user's sake to allow them to adjust the signature to be placed in just the right spot of the image before saving it to file.
	**Minimal Viable Outcome** - Minimum Viable Outcome would be to implement the program without a GUI. In the command line specify a coordinate, be shown an example of the outcome, and iterate until the user is satisfied with the outcome and then save to file. None of the convenience of the GUI implementation, nor the ease of adjustment that comes with real time feedback.
**Milestones** - This project would be completed within four weeks (November 4th to December 4th). For week one, I would be researching the available Python Libraries and the exact methods of implementation for a Graphics User Interface and the design of it for the sake of user experience. For week two, implementation of the minimum viable outcome would be the most important first step in order to ensure proper functionality of the program before moving into the GUI creation process. For week three, the implementation of a basic Graphic User Interface within which the user can browse files, folders, and designate their signature placement. Week four would be polish and bug fixing, and attempting to sharpen the development of any features that could be better for the sake of the user experience.`